Girl, how is she doing?
Will you be here for a long time? But the situation is not that long,
A piece of gold bowl, if spring does not pass?
Miss, you are messing with everyone,
When you mess around, you have already passed.
Why can't parents solve the problem of girls?
You know who is teaching you when we are making phone calls?
Are they messing around? Thank you, thank you,
Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you,
Thank you, thank you, thank you,
Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you,
you hit me
What are you going to do?
The thought of being sick is scary
Didn't you say you love me?
Look up
We'll be fine if you get up, but we're here
You can't do this
Come I feel loved
Find a grandma by your side
I am surrounded by family members